[agent] helm chart install best-practice update (#10846)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/_index.md

To install the chart with a custom release name, `<RELEASE_NAME>` (e.g. `datadog-agent`):

1. [Install Helm][1].

> 2. Create your `values.yaml`, Use the [Datadog `values.yaml` configuration file][2] as a reference; We recommend that your `values.yaml` only contains values that need to be overridden as it allows a smooth experience when upgrading Chart versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Using the [Datadog `values.yaml` configuration file][2] as a reference, create your `values.yaml`. Datadog recommends that your `values.yaml` only contain values that need to be overridden, as it allows a smooth experience when upgrading chart versions.
```

> 2. Download the [Datadog `values.yaml` configuration file][2] as a reference; but to follow helm best-practice, it is recommended to create from scratch empty `values.yaml` file for your configuration, and define only the value(s) that need(s) to be overridden. It allows benefiting from the helm chart defaulting evolution.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should remove `Download`:

```
2. Create your `values.yaml`. Use the [Datadog `values.yaml` configuration file][2] as a reference. We recommend that your `values.yaml` only contains values that need to be overridden as it allows a smooth experience when upgrading Chart versions.
```

But maybe the doc team is better positioned to review here.
